[docs] Add Grid version 2 docs (#33554)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/migration-grid-v2/migration-grid-v2.md

# Migration to Grid v2

<p class="description">This guide explains how and why to migrate from Material UI Grid v1 to v2.</p>

## Why you should migrate

> The Grid v2 has new feature and a lot of improvements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grid v2 has several new feature and many improvements over the original:
```

> - Easier to customize because Grid v2 uses CSS variables which remove CSS specificity from class selector. Now you can use `sx` prop on the Grid to control any style you'd like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Grid v2 uses CSS variables which remove CSS specificity from class selectors. 
Now you can use `sx` prop on the Grid to control any style you'd like.
```

- All grids are considered items without specifying the `item` prop.

> - The Long-awaited [offset feature](/material-ui/react-grid2/#offset) is added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The long-awaited [offset feature](/material-ui/react-grid2/#offset) gives you more flexibility for positioning.
```

> - [Nested grid](/material-ui/react-grid2/#nested-grid) has no depth limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Nested grids](/material-ui/react-grid2/#nested-grid) now have no depth limitation.
```

> - The `disableEqualOverflow` flag is added to prevent scrollbar in small viewports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `disableEqualOverflow` flag disables the horizontal scrollbar in smaller viewports.
```

:::info

> We ship the Grid v2 as `Unstable_` to let the community try it out and collect feedbacks. We will make it stable and deprecate v1 in the next major release of Material UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grid v2 is currently considered `Unstable_` as we give the community time to try it out and offer feedback. 
We will make it stable and deprecate v1 in the next major release of Material UI.
```

:::

> ## Material UI v4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## With Material UI v4
```

The Grid v2 is introduced in Material UI v5, so you have to follow the [Material UI migration guide](/material-ui/migration/migration-v4/) first.

> ## Material UI v5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## With Material UI v5
```

> The migration is expected to be smooth since most of the APIs remains the same. However, there is one breaking change that we want to clarify:

Reviewer: This line mentions that it will clarify the one breaking change, but after reading this section it's not clear to me what that is. 😅

Author: I see. The breaking change is that Grid v2 reverted the negative margin approach back to what Material UI v4 has.

It sounds confusing, so maybe this help explaining it:

- Material UI v4: the Grid has negative margin on all sides
- Material UI v5: the Grid is updated to have negative margin on top & left. However, it comes with a cost which does not worth the change.
  - The Grid v2 is created to have negative margin on all sides by default.

Author: Is removing the `:::warning` enough?

Reviewer: Ohhh I see, yeah, the callout makes it feel like it's separate from the rest of the text. I think it's more clear if we remove the :::warning.

:::warning
The default implementation of the negative margin in Grid v2 is spread equally on all sides (same as the Grid in Material UI v4).
:::

{{"demo": "GridsDiff.js", "bg": true, "hideToolbar": true}}

### Import

```diff
- import Grid from '@mui/material/Grid';
+ import Grid from '@mui/material/Unstable_Grid2';
```

### Remove props

> The `item` and `zeroMinWidth` have been removed in Grid v2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `item` and `zeroMinWidth` props have been removed in Grid v2:
```

```diff
- <Grid item zeroMinWidth xs={6}>
+ <Grid xs={6}>
```

> ### Negative margin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Negative margins
```

> If you want to apply the negative margin similar to the Grid v1, specify `disableEqualOverflow: true` on the grid container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to apply the negative margins similar to the Grid v1, specify `disableEqualOverflow: true` on the grid container:
```
